Welcome to Pansift. This is your dashboard. No
matter where you are located, or who you are
supporting remotely, you can see real time insights
into their computer's Internet connection, their
local Wi-Fi, and other key metrics that affect voice,
video, connectivity, and laptop health.
Let's take a look at the most
recent Internet outages.
By clicking on any insight we are immediately taken
to the issue. Let's zoom in a little and
see what's happening on "laptop 3".
We can see it's not specifically the Internet
connection, as there was a problem
reaching the local network too.
Here we can see IPv6 and IPv4 problems.
We also have fast access to the
previous public IP addresses.
We notice that ARP was failing
to complete at times too.
With builtin vendor lookups we can see the
gateway's organizationally unique identifier
to help figure out the type of rowter.
We can also see the interfaces used by the
default rout including the hardware type.
And we can also see the local interface
IPs used during this time range.
At all times, the host details are available to us
on the left hand side, including make,
model, and product type.
We can also see the test hosts used for DNS, trace
rowts, and basic HTTP tests. These hosts are
editable on the paid plan with
up to 5 arbitrary records.
Now let's take a peak at DNS. We actively query the
configured primary DNS servers for the test host
records. We also do additional random queries that
force full resolution, rather than
relying on cached records alone.
Let's add 30 minutes to either side, to
get a better picture of response times.
Now let's see where in the world this agent's IP
addresses are coming from during this time period.
Our distributed lighthouses reflect back the public
IP addresses and we give city
level agent resolution.
In the trace and ASN section, we show, not just the
hops, but also generate real time, ASN  lookups,
and also include the A S names. You can spot changes in hop length,
and autonomous system, rapidly.
These paths are available historically for all your
configured test hosts, which includes either
IP or ASN paths for easy cut and paste.
Similarly, we can see status codes, baseline speeds,
and time to first byte for HTTP.
PanSift's agents also allow for the missing link,
that is, for a user to add custom notes with
missing context, during an issue or outage. Even if
they are offline, all notes and measurements are
buffered until the agent syncs again,
via a local network, or hotspot.
Notice that each tab change preserves the current
time window, but if you want to be more specific,
you can specify exact query times quickly and
easily. Additionally, you can even share URL links
with those you invite to view
or administer your account.
With the explosion in Wi-Fi devices, it's
imperative to understand airtime and channels,
especially in dense environments. Pansift watches
out for weak MCS values and color codes them,
showing you when bad signal quality is causing issues,
or slowdowns.
Pansift is also scanning your local Wi-Fi
environment, intermittently. It records other
networks, including their channels, widths, and
what vendors they are using. This means you can
tell what parts of the airspace are contended, and
what RF space is free. Pansift will even suggest
alternate channels for you to select based upon
what it sees, but taking in to account
your device supported channels.
So, you can rapidly and instantaneously
troubleshoot Wi-Fi, IP, interfaces, status and
more, but without having to try and access a remote
machine or annoy a non-technical user. You can see
in to the past and right up to the present,
all remotely.
The agent section lets you go direct to any agent
for a deep dive when need be. In the background,
data is stored in buckets, and there's a handy
guide to walk you through onboarding agents. From
the remote user's perspective an agent install is
a simple click with Zero Touch Provisioning.
Congratulations, you've now got the power to save
time, trouble, and toil, all while supporting Work
From Anywhere. Gain the confidence to provide
fearless support! Step through the guide if you
need help, and remember, instrument
your remote user edge!
Now, try out the one click demo yourself, and
install some free agents on a problem machine,
or in an unmanaged location.